SECURITY.md, before:


# Security Policy

Security is very important for this site.

Learn more about it below. 

## Versions

The latest version of Teyvatedu is supported.

We recommend testing locally before deployment to avoid data leakage and security issues

The security of a version depends on two parts. One part is based on the release version number. Only the officially released version is a tested and secure version. The other part is based on local testing. You need to build your own test to check security.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please distinguish between vulnerabilities and functional defects. Vulnerabilities refer to logical problems caused by BUGs, which may cause serious problems such as data leakage and operational security. Please do not discuss such problems in public. Functional defects refer to various problems in functional design. Such problems generally do not cause serious problems and can be raised or discussed through ISSUE. If you find a vulnerability, please contact me and I will respond quickly. If you make a suggestion through ISSUE, I will also quickly put it into the project and add it to the schedule.

## Public Discussions

Please restrain from publicly discussing a potential security vulnerability.

It's better to discuss privately and try to find a solution first, to limit the potential impact as much as possible.

---

Thanks for your help!

Commit message:

bugfix fix default page if no notifications and publications, there will show the no more xxx, ref to solve #18

SECURITY.md, after:


# Security Policy

> current security policy version: 1.1

Security is very important for this site.

Learn more about it below. 

## 1. Versions

The latest version of Teyvatedu is supported.

We recommend testing locally before deployment to avoid data leakage and security issues

The security of a version depends on two parts. One part is based on the release version number. Only the officially released version is a tested and secure version. The other part is based on local testing. You need to build your own test to check security.

## 2. Reporting a Vulnerability

Please distinguish between vulnerabilities and functional defects. Vulnerabilities refer to logical problems caused by BUGs, which may cause serious problems such as data leakage and operational security. Please do not discuss such problems in public. Functional defects refer to various problems in functional design. Such problems generally do not cause serious problems and can be raised or discussed through ISSUE. If you find a vulnerability, please contact me and I will respond quickly. If you make a suggestion through ISSUE, I will also quickly put it into the project and add it to the schedule.

## 3. Public Discussions

Please restrain from publicly discussing a potential security vulnerability.

It's better to discuss privately and try to find a solution first, to limit the potential impact as much as possible.

## 4. References

In order to protect the information security of visitors and related users, any references, external links and external applications in this project should have the most basic security guarantees.

a. For external referenced articles and documents, they should come from authoritative departments or institutions.

b. For referenced external links, for security reasons, there should be SSL certificates and HTTPS should be enabled. If possible, external links should be required to have certain anti-interference and anti-risk capabilities.

c. For referenced external applications, they should have the most basic security.

---

Thanks for your help!
last modifed: 2024-07-6
